Add environment variable setting to all container templates (#1920)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-customizing-containers.adoc

[id='con-customizing-containers-{context}']
= Customizing containers with environment variables

> You can set custom environment variables for the various containers by using the relevant `template` container property. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set custom environment variables for a container by using the relevant `template` container property. 
```

> The table below lists the various containers belonging to the different elements of {ProductName} and the relevant configuration path (under the top level `spec` for the custom resource) for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the {ProductName} containers and the relevant template configuration property (defined under `spec`) for each custom resource.
```

.Table Container environment variable properties
|===
|{ProductName} Element |Container |Configuration property

|Kafka 
|Kafka Broker 
|`kafka.template.kafkaContainer.env`

|Kafka 
|Kafka Broker TLS Sidecar
|`kafka.template.tlsSidecarContainer.env`

|Kafka
|Zookeeper Node
|`zookeeper.template.zookeeperContainer.env`

|Kafka
|Zookeeper TLS Sidecar
|`zookeeper.template.tlsSidecarContainer.env`

|Kafka
|Topic Operator
|`entityOperator.template.topicOperatorContainer.env`

|Kafka
|User Operator
|`entityOperator.template.userOperatorContainer.env`

|Kafka
|Entity Operator TLS Sidecar
|`entityOperator.template.tlsSidecarContainer.env`

|KafkaConnect
|Connect and ConnectS2I
|`template.connectContainer.env`

|KafkaMirrorMaker
|Mirror Maker 
|`template.mirrorMakerContainer.env`

|KafkaBridge
|Bridge
|`template.bridgeContainer.env`
|===

> The environment variables are defined under the `env` field as a list of objects with `name` and `value` fields. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variables are defined under the `env` property as a list of objects with `name` and `value` fields. 
```
